---
title:  "CPF 2.0 beta version!"
date:   2025-07-24 09:04:04 +0100
categories: update
---

We are happy to announce that the beta version of CPF 2.0 (still in testing phase) has been released! The updated version (including supporting materials) will be availible in September-October 2025. For now, the beta version is availible to download **[here](https://cpfdata.com/download/)** and at **[GitHub](https://github.com/cpfdata)**. More information is availible in the **Manual** and **Codebook** availible **[here](https://cpfdata.com/download/)**. 

Please let us know about any problems or errors: **<k.l.turek@tilburguniversity.edu>**. 

✅ The CPF version 2.0 encompasses up to 43 waves (between 1968 and 2024), combines data from seven countries, and comprises approximately 3 million observations from more than 400,000 respondents.

✅ The LISS panel from the Netherlands was added, offering high-quality annual data across diverse life domains. This was done in collaboration with Priscilla Zhang from Centrdata (the authors of the LISS survey).

❌ The Russian part of the project (RLMS) has been excluded from CPF v2.0 in response to Russia’s 2022 invasion of Ukraine. See the note **[here](https://cpfdata.com/update/2025/07/01/excluding-russia.html)**

✅ The code was adjusted to include the latest available waves (data collected up to 2023 and 2024) 

✅ The CPF code was improved with a more transparent syntax structure and some modifications to the harmonization code (based on the team evaluation and users' suggestions). T



The development of this version was supported by a grant from the NWO (The Dutch Research Council) Open Science Fund (grant ID OSF23.2.017).
